[Validator] Add Video constraint for validating video files (#21384)
symfony/symfony-docs: reference/constraints/Video.rst

The message displayed if the aspect ratio of the video is less than ``minRatio``.

``minWidthMessage``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**type**: ``string`` **default**: ``The video width is too small ({{ width }}px). Minimum width expected is {{ min_width }}px.``

The message displayed if the width of the video is less than ``minWidth``.

``multipleVideoStreamsMessage``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**type**: ``string`` **default**: ``The video contains multiple streams. Only one stream is allowed.``

The message displayed if the video file contains multiple video streams.

``sizeNotDetectedMessage``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**type**: ``string`` **default**: ``The size of the video could not be detected.``

The message displayed if ffprobe cannot detect the dimensions of the video.

``unsupportedCodecMessage``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**type**: ``string`` **default**: ``Unsupported video codec "{{ codec }}".``

The message displayed if the video uses a codec that is not in the ``allowedCodecs`` list.

``unsupportedContainerMessage``
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

**type**: ``string`` **default**: ``Unsupported video container "{{ container }}".``

> The message displayed if the video uses a container format that is not in the ``allowe

Reviewer: Line is broken

```suggestion
The message displayed if the video uses a container format that is not in the ``allowedContainers``
list.
```

Author: Good catch! Fixed. Thanks!
